Last time, we discussed that God’s purpose
was for the earth to be a paradise,
and we left you with the question,
How can we be sure
that God’s purpose for humans
here on earth will still be fulfilled?
Um, I’m not really sure.
We find the Creator’s assurance
here at Isaiah 55:11.
Tina, would you please read that for us?
OK.
“So my word
that goes out of my mouth will be.
“It will not return to me without results,
“but it will certainly accomplish
whatever is my delight,
and it will have sure success
in what I send it to do.”
Thank you.
Now, since these
are the words of God himself,
how do we know
that his purpose will be fulfilled?
Well, he says: “It will have sure success.”
Isn’t that interesting?
Our heavenly Father guarantees it.
Absolutely!
And looking again at this verse,
God says that his word
will “accomplish whatever is [his] delight.”
So how does he feel
about accomplishing his purpose?
He wants to accomplish it.
Yes, he delights to.
He’s really looking forward
to bringing mankind happiness.
So we can be sure
he will fulfill his purpose for the earth.
That’s very touching.
We think so too.
But what will life be like when God
fulfills his purpose for humans?
Let’s discuss the Bible’s answer
next time we talk.